hi all told all these readings
fast and today we savor a
new video on ten is a movie that
2.0 and I have a little advance video gold
as you can as you can
see I did and I'm available
if all that I do not know if it
worth it if you find it is pretty
good I think that 's okay it's hard
well
myself I even put a parking lot up
and not the last episode I forgot
to show you that's what I did at
beginning it is to say at the bottom the
sewers that's why I started
what's that
it's a bouquet of flowers hockey and
functions invest
okay
that's noisy
so that's how you can see and
sewers
with
I really did not do a lot
big between you can like you
can see it
that's where it normally limits
so yes I did a little ellipses
because it did not do like
louis may the end believe you that
that's it and so here I hope it
So go I was telling us
explain that for every house that
seemed like that here assured the same
terror you would take the same door for
for that
and yes I did as with
lifts there are several small
tables on in this episode
I counted it's m but to limit it
their little things to arrange it
he
so here I have echoed just not so
you have noticed
much less spend and
here
g
it's slow because it's just the
face time so
see you next time for a new video
oh yes what you could do is
subscribers to the chain
sophie she would put imposed they
put comments that although he
be hello I leave you